we must know what to put it into duty to
make mother's doing that
Tony Tony do that my mother how do you
yesterday Monsieur name to curry the
curry I don't know how they did access
state that I take to order to determine
that I mean I move all the way to an
ideal this is high-tech robotic device
Matheny yeah I can come you know see
mother she never say hi to you go there
my mother I mean I don't nobody care not
Agnes I'm not an arsonist
there are heroic started to worry at all
how do you come we tell me what I should
do with our holidays event we walk all
right
tight because muscle
muscle man she gave us an infidelity
game wasn't it
so you are anchors how good I let's get
there one another single dish
yeah like I did on my
for the Redskins Ironhide Scotia notice
all this focus on the schema she must
know dandumb discovering an economist
ILO Mona thank you much as you put it
every one of us start over right now
don't you worry eternal hold it in love
I tell you shook I've got a tool come on
hi Jeff for a bit Tommy must be what is
a long day a given under there with your
English
like just yet